IOS 7 which was introduced in 2016 is very very easy to grasp.
Why.
Well because unlike iOS 6 which had a lot of changes.
Yes 7 only has two additions to the language in this video.
I'll go through both of them.
The first one and we're going to talk about is the includes method that was added on strings and a race.
Let me show you I can do something like Hulu that includes and I can say Oh and if it includes so I'll
get a true we can also use it on a race.
So for example if I had an array let's call it pets and in the pets I have a cat dog and a bat.
I know that's a weird pet but I'm sure there's some bad pets out there.
All right.
And now in here if I do pets includes dog well if I run this in the console I get true.
If I do pet store it includes bird I'll get false because it doesn't include bird.
Very simple.
That's it.
That's one of them.
And then the second one is the exponential operator.
So if I wanted to have a function that lets say squares something I can do
function x is x.
Star Star 2 and then means X to the power of 2.
So again if I run this and then I do a square of two and I cannot spell must try it again square off
to I get 4.
I do a square of 5 I get twenty five.
If I wanted to expand on this and do a Q Well I can do
cube will have three expansions 3 so again if I clear this just to make a bit of space I do a queue
of 3 I get twenty seven cube of four is sixty four and that's it.
Isn't that nice Emma script is going to be releasing small incremental changes every year so it it's
easy to stay on top of language and avoid scenarios like iOS 6 where all of these changes were made
and people had a hard time learning all the now with these simple two things in your tool belt go and
practice them and see you in the next video by.